our system:
tracks user clicks, movements, scrolls, hovers over links
analyzes movements
Our system is not intrusive but it perceptible by the user.

cheese - tracks user clicks and movements to analyze user interest on the webpage

knowing - detects user activity with an HTTP proxy that adds a javascript code to the page

mouseTracker - software package that stores mouse trajectory and does all sorts of analysis, like velocity, acceleration, complexity, spacial attraction

goecks - records user behavior through a plugin

knowing, (mouseTracker), can I include commercial applications?


In the past there have been many applications with mouse tracking and analysis. Some of them were build to serve a specific purpose (e.g. a psychological experiment), while others were more general. Cheese [1] tracks user clicks and movements to analyze user interest on the web page. Atterer et al [2] detects user activity with an HTTP proxy that adds a javascript code to the page. MouseTracker [3] is a software package that stores mouse trajectory and analyses many of its properties, for example its velocity, acceleration, complexity, and spacial attraction. Goecks & Shavlik [4] record user behavior through a browser plugin. Our system is not intrusive and does not require any installation, it is however perceptible by the user.

1.Mueller, Florian, and Andrea Lockerd. "Cheese: tracking mouse movement activity on websites, a tool for user modeling." CHI'01 extended abstracts on Human factors in computing systems. ACM, 2001.
2.Atterer, Richard, Monika Wnuk, and Albrecht Schmidt. "Knowing the user's every move: user activity tracking for website usability evaluation and implicit interaction." Proceedings of the 15th international conference on World Wide Web. ACM, 2006.
3.Freeman, Jonathan B., and Nalini Ambady. "MouseTracker: Software for studying real-time mental processing using a computer mouse-tracking method." Behavior Research Methods 42.1 (2010): 226-241.
4.Goecks, Jeremy, and Jude Shavlik. "Learning users' interests by unobtrusively observing their normal behavior." Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Intelligent user interfaces. ACM, 2000.
